[Detective Donna Williams]
The Feds are now on the case.
They don't want me involved.
The least I can do
is feed you idiots
some useful information.
A single casing was found
in apartment 14F
belonging to a tenant
by the name of M. Dudenoff.
[Mabel Mora]
Look, there's a footprint on the radiator.
- Come here! Come here!
- [crashing]
Ben Glenroy?
[in Irish accent]
I'm Glenn Stubbins, Ben's stunt double.
I'm begging ya.
Can you help me get a job on your film?
I present to you the Brothers!
And when these gals read the fabulous
script that Marshall P. Pope wrote...
I-I just tried to get you all down
in the right way, you know?
At least how I pictured you.
[Eva Longoria] I'm not telling you to
sell your life rights, but if you do,
ask them for a shit-ton of money.
[Oliver Putnam]
Notice this intruder. A male arm.
And I don't trust its intentions!
[Charles-Haden Savage]
Sazz sacrificed everything for me,
and by the time I realized it,
it was too late to make it up to her.
Someday, I won't be able
to take the hits anymore.
I'm gonna open up a trampoline park.
[Mabel]
What is this place? A hideout?
Don't move or I'll blow
your fucking brains out.
[overlapping yelps]
[♪ gentle music playing]
[Marshall P. Pope]
What makes a writer a real writer?
It starts with the look.
A look that says,
I'm smart, confident, worldly,
important, but not self-important.
I can quote David Foster Wallace
and Ace Ventura.
"Alrighty then."
It's about convincing the world, and,
honestly, yourself,
that you have the goods.
But the look only gets you so far.
- [typing]
- It comes down to what's on the page.
♪
And the page has to dazzle,
bright enough that it catches
the right person's eye.
♪
And then, you get the call.
They're making your movie.
You're a real writer now.
You're convinced the voice in your head,
the one that says you are a fraud,
is finally gonna go away.
Except, it doesn't.
And you start to wonder if it
[weak laugh] ever will.
[gun cocks]
Don't move or I'll blow
your fucking brains out.
The tragedy of it all!
Death comes for Oliver Putnam
in the prime of his life.
Fine, do it!
Extinguish my roaring flame,
but spare my friends!
[♪ dramatic crescendo]
Oh, my God, it's you?
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I've just been a little on edge.
I really do not like being
this far east of Brentwood.
Do you mind putting the gun down?
Oh, this? It's not loaded.
- [gunshots]
- [all yelling]
- [clicking]
- [screaming]
[Bev sighs]
Okay, so I'll be taking that...
away...
from you.
Bev, what are you doing here?
And whose gun is that?
It's your dead friend Sazz's,
I assume. I found it here in this--
I-I don't know what you call this place.
A sad... shack. A poverty cottage?
Stop deflecting.
Did you kill Sazz?
Ooh, I really like what
I'm seeing over here.
Mabel the investigator,
stomping around
in your patchwork trench coat,
solving crimes like
a millennial Nancy Drew.
- I'm really excited for our movie, guys!
- [Charles] Bev.
Did you kill her?
No, I did not.
But I think someone on the movie may have.
[♪ lively theme song playing]
[♪ vocalizing]
[♪ theme song fades out]
[birds cawing]
[Charles] Bev, where were
you the night she was killed?
Ooh, I was hoping you would ask!
Well, here's me that night, in LA,
at Variety's Power Women Party
for the 100 Most Powerful Women Under 100.
It was, of course, at the Power Room.
I'm on top of the world.
I'm dressed head to toe in Chanel.
Ain't no one gonna fuck with this bitch,
you know what I'm saying?
Anyway, Sazz called me.
I didn't pick up
'cause it was a random number,
but she left me a voicemail,
which I thought was interesting.
[clicks play button]
[Sazz] [on voicemail] Name's Sazz Pataki,
and I'm told you're the one to talk to.
Look, I can't get into this in a message,
but you need to call me, okay?
There's a problem with your
Only Murders movie.
A big problem,
and I can't say more than that.
11:07.
That's right after
she left to get the wine.
And you didn't call her back?
- I know you're all new to Hollywood, but--
- [Oliver] New?!
I'll have you know that I directed
Singing in the Rain 2 for VH1 in '88.
Town's still talking about it.
Gary Busey was in it,
and he stole all the cameras.
Listen, what I'm saying is
no one wants to get that call.
It's really hard to get
a movie made these days,
and I just wasn't in the mood
to hear about a problem.
So I took my good old time
getting back to her.
Then, the next thing I heard,
she was dead.
So you're haunted by guilt.
But you think everything
would be different
if you'd just called her back.
Oh, I'm haunted...
by the fear that this movie falls apart.
The stakes are through
the roof for me right now.
I passed on Barbie.
I need to find and fix this problem
before it takes down
the whole production.
So, I came here, and I turned
this place inside out,
but all I found were a couple of sketches
of trampolines and that gun.
[sighs] Can't believe I did that.
Guns are destroying our entire society.
[sighs] Can I have it back?
- [Oliver snorts]
- What? No!
Please! It kinda turned me on.
I don't know.
I just felt so powerful holding it.
[sighs] And I really think my notes
to writers would land better with a gun.
It's "Tighten up act two, guys,"
or "Tighten up act two." I mean,
which one are you gonna listen to?
Yeah, I think I'm gonna hold on to this.
Fine.
Well, I'm really glad
I bumped into you guys.
Investigating murders is exhausting.
But you all seem to enjoy
this killer-finding thing,
so you find the killer, I save the movie.
How's that for a deal?
[♪ bright music playing]
[ambient street noise]
- [Charles] Get ready to be dazzled!
- [wheels squeaking]
What do you think?
I think the next time you
ask me to rush over here
for a break in the case,
you need to gimme something better than
20-fucking-thousand murder boards, okay?
It's only three!
That's three too fuckin' many, man.
What is this? Amateur hour?
May I remind you that these
amateurs have thrice bested
the NYPD homicide department.
Now, I think there's something here.
Sazz called Bev Melon
and said that there was
a problem on the movie.
And right after that, she was shot.
Ergo, someone on the movie killed Sazz
to keep this problem a secret!
Okay, so if this is such a hot theory,
then where's the rest of
your crew to vouch for it?
- [door opens, shuts]
- [Oliver] We're here! We're here!
Well, the good people of
Page Six have solved it.
The bicep on Loretta's
Instagram has been identified.
Wow.
[Oliver]
It belongs to one Jack Jonk.
He has a four-episode arc on Norfbun
as Loretta's love interest.
Go ahead, Loretta.
You know Jack Jonk, right?
- The former Olympic swimmer?
- Yeah, I do.
[Detective Williams]
So you know what that means, right?
Big-ass arms.
Big-ass legs.
- Big-ass--
- Oh, no, no. [stammers] I think,
to me, he has a perfectly normal physique.
In fact, he reminds me of me
when I was doing
the elliptical two times a week.
- [Charles] Mm-hmm.
- [Mabel] Sorry, not listening.
Guys, have you seen these checks?
Oh, our life rights checks have landed.
I sent mine to my accountant in Belize.
- Where?
- Where, uh,
my accountant is hiking
the Xunantunich Mountains,
and who will return with the check
and deposit here,
so I can pay
the appropriate American taxes.
I just can't believe they're actually
paying us. It's so official.
- That's because we're professionals now.
- [Williams groans]
Yeah, we're professionals.
I'm a professional...
Wait, what do I do?
You do... this.
Well, what is "this" exactly?
God only knows.
Well, you... you know,
w-we have a podcast,
s-so you are a pod-smith.
- A crime-fluencer.
- How about podcast producer?
I'm a podcast producer.
I am a podcast producer.
No, but it's more like...
I'm a podcast producer!
Yeah, you don't have to overdo it.
You could just say...
[aloof]
"Oh, I'm a podcast producer."
I'm a podcast producer.
[normal]
But why is that so scary to say out loud?
Maybe it's 'cause you're
a producer on a podcast
about a crime that has
40,000 fuckin' suspects.
Not for long.
We are headed up to the production office.
We are gonna poke around and knock
a few more names off these boards.
Okay, great. Sounds good.
So, while you guys do that,
I'm gonna get some more information
on this gun. In the meantime,
tighten it up. You hear me?
Fuckin' amateur--
Take this shit off the board!
- Think she was impressed.
- [Oliver growls]
- [elevator dings]
- [♪ jaunty music playing]
- [people chattering]
- [Trina Brothers] Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
- Oh God. I have an idea.
- [Trina laughs]
These three should be
in the photo shoot, too.
- [Trina gasps]
- Why aren't you writing this down?
- [heavy bag dropping]
- [Oliver snorts]
Oh, [laughs] well, Oliver Putnam
does love a photo shoot.
My hair guy is in a home now,
so there's a bit of paperwork
involved in getting him out, but--
Well, what--
What is this photo shoot?
It's marketing for the movie.
Ready for the concept?
Full frontal nudity.
Two bodies ravaged by time.
And one dewy with promise.
Nobody's doing a naked photo shoot.
Wait, yes! It should be the opposite.
You drowning in your season one outfits.
- Oh...
- Did you get that?
Season one outfits.
And the actors in identical looks?
Doubles, illusions.
So cliché.
- [haughty laughter]
- [elevator dings]
- Don't be late.
- [case wheels squeaking]
Hey, Oliver! [gasps]
I saw Page Six today. Oh, my God.
Sounds like your girlfriend's
about to get Jonked.
I'd prefer if you didn't put it that way.
Well, you gotta tell her though,
'cause it's best to line up
a good orthopedic surgeon now.
'Cause she's gonna need
a big hip replacement
after he drops that Jonk on her.
I'm sorry, you've used "Jonk"
as both a noun and a verb
in the span of 10 seconds.
Well, it can be both.
"The Jonk jonked my jonk till I jonked,"
is a valid sentence.
Well, he and I don't
sound that different.
Both body guys.
- You know, love protein.
- Mm.
In fact, a lotta people don't know this,
but I-I myself
- went through a steroids phase.
- Hm.
Prednisone for my sinus infections.
[Bev Melon]
Hm...
That's so interesting.
It's funny 'cause you don't strike me
as someone who would, like,
"care for their body."
Excuse me. I need to go find someone.
Actually, uh, uh, uh,
I-I-I'm known
as a bit of a Herculean figure
in the, uh, theater community.
Usually picked second for softball,
right after the lesbian stage manager.
And I don't wanna brag, but, uh,
I've been asked to be
a pallbearer. Many times.
- [elevator dings]
- [doors open]
- [production office chatter]
- [phones ringing]
- [sticking]
- Ooh.
What is this I'm standing on?
It feels like fly paper.
It's a tacky mat. Production thing.
I work here now, know all the words.
"Comtex."
"Gobo tweeny up and over."
"Grip." I can continue.
- I can't.
- It gets the dust off your shoes
so you don't track anything
into the sisters' nest.
It's a kick-off gift from Eva.
She has a full line of sticky products.
Boob tape, wound glue.
She's huge in adhesives.
Anyway, that's a wrap on me!
I gotta go martini two-shot
that best boy. [clicks tongue]
- This is a lot of suspects.
- [sticking]
What'd Detective Williams call us?
Amateurs?
Ama-- If that's even the word she used.
I can't remember.
- It was amateurs.
- Yeah?
Well, would an amateur pretend
to be making a call
while secretly taking photos
for our murder board?
- Oh, yes! Uh...
- [loud shutter snapping]
- ...yes, I can hold. Yes, I'll wait. Oh!
- [♪ jaunty music playing]
Yes, it's me, Martha! Hi! How are--
- I just wanna order those nachos. Uh, na--
- [shutter snapping continues]
Do you want nachos?
You don't? You don't want them?
Can you put some, uh, papa de gallo...
- [mutters] Pico de gallo.
- Paca de-- Pico de gallo on that for me?
- Oh, look at this. That's so interesting.
- [shutter snapping]
Good work. Good work, everyone.
Yeah, that's fantastic.
I really hope the camera's
pointing the right way.
- Oh, shoot.
- [clicking]
[whispers]
Okay, here we go.
- [normal] Yeah. Uh-huh?
- [shutter snapping]
Well, that's interesting! Yes!
- [shutter snapping continues]
- Yes, I can hold, Martha.
[whispers] How are we supposed to tell
if one of these people is the murderer?
I guess we look for someone
who gets nervous
when they see us poking around.
Like him.
[thuds]
- [button clicking]
- [♪ curious music playing]
Marshall, right?
We need to talk with you.
Oh shit, it's the whole trio.
Uh, fine. L-L-Let's do it.
We have a few questions about Sazz Pataki.
Did you happen to see--
Wait, I'm a suspect?
Oh, thank God.
Sorry, I-I thought you wanted
to give me more notes on the script.
It's just you're producers--
co-associate producers--
and everyone's been hounding me
about rewrites, and I figured you...
[ragged breathing] But no, I'm...
I'm just a suspect.
[nervous laugh]
Um, okay, great. So,
ask me where I was
the night Sazz got murdered.
- Not here.
- [shutter snaps]
- Let's talk at my place.
- [elevator dings]
- [gasps] Mabel! Hey! Hi!
- Hey, hi, hi.
I just went down to
the lobby to look for you.
Can you hang back
and talk with me for a second?
Come sit down with me.
Let's see if we can pass the Bechdel test.
[ropes creak]
Oh, by the way, the checks landed.
What are we gonna splurge on?
Oh, I'm probably gonna
sink mine into my business.
I'm... a... podcast producer.
Yeah. And I oversee a few--
a bunch of projects.
I'm sure you have
a million irons in the fire,
but I do happen to be looking for
a hot new podcast to adapt for
my next movie. So what have you got?
Oh! Um, I have lots of ideas.
You know, they're just not fully baked.
Mabel, nobody needs fully baked.
All you need is a hook.
So what's your next podcast?
Go on. Hook me.
- Like, now?
- Yeah, now. Why not?
Uh-- Um-- The--
The first one is about...
people.
Tall people, short people,
all different-sized people.
Hm.
And, uh, there's, uh,
another one about buttons...
being pushed... because of... trauma.
Ooh, I like that.
You know what? Forget it.
None of these are really anything.
Mabel, do you want
the advice of a senior VP?
These ideas are fantastic!
They're relatable.
I mean, come on.
Who hasn't dealt with
people and buttons?
You know what?
I saw it in the shed.
I said, "The gal under 80,
she's the one you wanna bet on long-term."
So, you know what?
I'm calling Billy Billberg.
He heads up the podcast division
of our corporation.
I can already see the potential!
Building brands, spreading trends
make that Gen Z
get off their asses and listen.
Okay, so here's the plan.
[snaps fingers]
You're gonna flesh out these ideas,
and I'm gonna set you up
on a meeting ASAP.
Oh, uh, uh, no,
I'm not sure about my schedule.
[gibberish] I don't wanna hear it.
Shh. I don't wanna hear anything.
Mabel, listen to me.
They're not buying the idea
as much as they're buying you,
so don't stress. Case closed.
[pop] We're doing it.
- Uh--
- [elevator dings]
[♪ rhythmic knocking on door]
- [stops knocking]
- Ah-ha! It's me favorite trio!
- Ah, when'd you grow the beard, lassie?
- That's not Mabel.
Oh, well, um--
I's just leaving you dis gift.
- Oh. Mm.
- There you go, Chuck.
It's me old gran's soda bread.
[sighs] Dropped your name.
Got meself a gig on the film.
Just odd jobs for now,
but I'll be, uh, doublin' for you
at the photo shoot later.
[laughs] Oh, Dublin. That's...
Doub-- Oh, Glen!
Um, you're a stunt guy.
Would you say I'm physically fit?
- [clicks button]
- Oh, sure. You're a right Conor McGregor.
- [stamping]
- I'll scrap ya! Motherf--
[water trickling]
[recorder beeps]
I can't believe I'm getting
grilled by the actual trio.
[laughs] I've spent months picturing
how you would do an interrogation scene,
and now I'm inside one! Wild.
Y-Yeah, you're really living the dream.
Um, can you tell us where
you were the night Sazz died?
It's funny you ask--
Marshall, this script is amazing.
You like it?
I love it! I've never seen myself
portrayed so accurately before.
"Charles peers shrewdly at the evidence,
his keen analytical brain
thumping with thought."
Does a brain thump?
Well, apparently, this one does.
[Oliver]
"Oliver flits around the room,
a septuagenarian Peter Pan
or a male Tinkerbell"?
Okay, that's just bad writing, Marshall.
- Pick a metaphor.
- [Mabel] Aren't you supposed to be
printing out the photos
we took in the production offices?
Fine, fine.
B-But Marshall, take a look at
how you wrote me in the script
because I do not walk like that.
It's classic trio bickering.
It's my favorite part of the podcast.
[laughs]
God, I love you guys!
[clears throat] But to get back
to your question on where I was
the night Sazz died, the truth is...
I've been trying my hand at standup.
Observational stuff.
I-I'm more of a storyteller
than a punchline guy.
Think Jonathan Winters meets Ali Wong.
That night, I was in West Hollywood,
doing a set at the Laugh-eteria.
Oh, I can show you on YouTube!
Actually, that would be useful.
It's my first time doing this hour and--
- Uh, that's okay.
- Wow. An hour.
Uh, Mabel, we oughta let
this kid get back to work.
The only thing he's guilty of
is great character writing.
- [excited giggle]
- [Mabel] [sighs] I'm sorry, Marshall,
before you go, is your beard fake?
Oh God, is it that obvious?
Th-This is supposed to be
costume-grade human hair!
[Mabel]
I-It's a great beard, it's just...
can you tell me why you have it?
Uh-- [laughs]
Yeah, this is so embarrassing,
but I-I can't really grow facial hair.
I-It's my first time on set,
and I wanted to sell myself
as a "real writer,"
and this is the look, right?
Oh, these aren't-- these aren't
real either. I have 20/10 vision.
How could a writer of your talent
have imposter syndrome?
Actually, I get it.
Really? You're not an imposter.
Sometimes, I feel like one.
That's crazy. You're my inspiration.
It's what drew me to your podcast.
You never pretend to be anything
other than what you are.
Amateurs.
- Hey, hey. Whoa.
- [Marshall] I was gonna say amateurs,
flailing their way to success.
You haven't missed.
I-I mean, look at these murder boards!
They're a little homemade,
and yet you're--
You're probably on
the verge of a breakthrough.
Finally, someone who sees it.
You want me to walk you through it?
It could be helpful with the script.
That would be incredible.
You'll notice how this is organized
around the theme of questions.
The who, the how, the why,
and the why now?
You know, we really should contact
the MasterClass people about this.
Wow.
So, you don't know who the target was?
Oh, no. Th-- Don't look at that.
That's not ready for prime time.
That "Why" section has
a lotta different motives--
No, no, th-th-that's not, yeah-- But this.
This is my magnum opus.
The "How" board.
Note the timeline.
- This baby's airtight.
- It's beautiful.
Although the-- Ah, forget it.
- [Mabel] No, what?
- Nothing. It--
It's just th-the timing.
Sazz left a voicemail at 11:07,
but her body hit the incinerator at 11:19.
That would mean someone
shot from the West Tower,
came all the way over here,
cleaned up the crime scene,
and disposed of the body,
all in 12 minutes?
It could totally happen. You just haven't
thought about it the way I have.
In fact, that might be the secret
to my crime-solving ability.
I'm able to channel the mind of a killer.
You might wanna put that in the script.
[Marshall]
Uh...
You're still not getting it? All good.
- Let me pitch the murder to you.
- [♪ music swells]
Picture this.
[♪ jazzy spy music playing]
Our killer takes his place...
- [cocks gun]
- ...or her place,
and waits for the target
to come into view.
- Minute one, our killer takes his shot.
- [gunshot, glass breaking]
Can I just commit to male pronouns?
It'll be easier. Anyway...
Boom.
Minute two, he takes the stairs
so as not to run into
anyone on the elevator,
but he's gotta be quick!
Minutes three to six,
our killer exits the West Tower
and traverses the half-block
to the Arconia main entrance.
[glove snaps]
[pedestrian]
Oh! Brazzos!
[Charles]
Just another face in a New York crowd.
[♪ spy music continues]
Minute seven,
our killer enters the lobby
and expertly distracts
the doorman on duty.
[mimics bird calling]
Why, that sounds exactly
like a black-capped chickadee.
What's a forest songbird
doing in my lobby?
- [blows]
- [door opens]
[Charles] Minutes 9 through 11,
he enters my apartment
and removes any trace of the crime,
a task made easier by
the high-quality cleaning products
I have neatly organized
in my high-quality
cleaning product cabinet.
♪
And finally, using what I assume
is one of my missing suit bags,
our killer hoists the body
over his shoulder,
- [echoing snap]
- and disposes of it...
causing the power to surge
at exactly minute 12.
♪
[gunshot]
- [power whirring]
- [♪ music fades out]
Stylishly done.
Huh. I-I'm just saying,
in order for it to happen in 12 minutes,
the person who did this would
have to be extremely fit.
A gifted athlete in
the best shape of their life.
You're describing our killer exactly.
No, you're describing me.
- I'll do it.
- Do what?
The murder.
I can reenact it in 12 minutes.
I don't think that's a great idea.
[laughs] Mabel, Mabel, Mabel.
You have no idea
what this body of mine can do.
In 1981, I participated
in a 24-hour kickline fundraiser.
- Like a Rockette?
- Exactly like a Rockette.
It was called
"Let's Kick Rickets to the Curb
and If We Have Extra Send It to AIDS."
We only had enough for rickets.
Um, I-I'll test the theory.
Or Marshall can.
You don't have anything you need to prove.
Who's proving anything?
I'm simply a man in his prime,
looking to use his rock-hard bod
to prove a murder timeline.
Oliver, just the same,
you have a lot of things
that Jack Jonk doesn't.
You're sweet, for one. Your...
scarves and...
Yes! And even if only 10%
of your stories are true,
you've had an interesting life.
Thank you, but this has
nothing to do with Jack Jonk.
Now, here are your photos.
I have to locate my athletic wear
and fly through this
killer's obstacle course.
[♪ curious music playing]
Bang!
[sighs]
Are you just gonna leave me up here?
Do you want me to stop the clock?
No, just help me down.
I sunk 20 grand into these knees.
[grunts, sighs]
See you punks at the finish line.
[Mabel sighs]
Okay.
[bannister squeaking]
- [thuds]
- [screams]
♪
[slurping]
[Oliver yelps]
[street chatter]
[pedestrian]
Oh!
Move it!
Kids on leashes should be illegal!
I'm trying to do something here!
- Get back!
- [mother gasps]
Hey, hey! Nice outfit, jackass!
- Yelling at children? Are you serious?
- [Oliver wailing]
- [Oliver screaming]
- You cannot be serious!
[Oliver panting]
How am I doing?
It's been 38 minutes.
- What?!
- What happened to you, Oliver?
[panting] Well, I got off to a good start.
- No, you didn't.
- No, I did not.
I've been on a journey.
I saw things.
I did things.
[voice breaking]
I failed.
I failed as an athlete,
as a... movie character,
as a fashion icon...
as a guardian of the city's wildlife.
[normal]
I'd rather not elaborate on that.
- Did you punch a bird?
- I said I'm not elaborating!
It's not your fault, Oliver.
Nobody could have done that in 12 minutes
unless they were superhuman.
The only thing holding this murder board
together is my timeline,
and it's all wrong!
What are you doing?
Oh, my God, you're rewriting my character!
Don't take away my thumping brain!
- No, I-I mean--
- [door knocking]
Oh, thank God. I'll get it!
[sighs] One little mistake,
and suddenly I'm thumpless!
[door opens]
- [door shuts]
- [wheels rattling]
Oh, good. You're all here.
I got your wardrobe.
Gee, photo shoot.
Reminds me of the time
I modeled for the, uh,
great Robert Mapplethorpe.
Uh, just Google, "Robert Mapplethorpe,
Lester Doorman."
Of course, you won't recognize me
behind the gimp mask,
but, uh, it's me in there.
Anyway, have fun.
- [door opens, shuts]
- I never thought I'd say this,
but Oliver Putnam is not
up for a photo shoot.
[Charles]
Me neither.
Guys, we have to go to that photo shoot.
[Charles]
Wow, Mabel, money has really changed you.
One check and it's, "Hey, check me out."
[sighs] No, look!
It's the pictures you took
in the production office.
This shoe print on that tacky mat
matches the one from Dudenoff's apartment.
The killer was up at
the production offices,
which means they're probably
at the photo shoot.
Shit...
It's like I'm already watching
the sequel to my movie. [chuckles]
♪
- [shutter snaps]
- [indistinct chatter]
[Tawny Brothers]
Oh, you're here.
- This could be triggering.
- [Trina] Shoot.
[camera beeping]
[indistinct set chatter]
[Oliver yelps]
Just wait.
[door opens]
It's an honor to be
your stand-in, Putnam.
You, too, Mr. Anaphylaxis.
Yay! You made it! I'm so happy.
Don't you love this concept?
We have all of you multiplied.
Then, we add mirrors.
- [Oliver gasps]
- [Bev] It's so confusing,
just like your podcast.
Check it out!
Look at this.
[♪ ominous crescendo]
- [shutters snapping]
- [♪ runway pop music playing]
Charlie's Angels.
- Aah!
- [shutter snapping]
Ron, Harry, Hermione.
- [shutter snaps]
- [quietly] Harry Potter.
- Hm? Oh yeah.
- [Oliver whooshing]
Godfather 1, 2, 3.
[Oliver growls]
- Are you sure this plan is going to work?
- Absolutely not,
but I didn't have a better idea
on such short notice.
Let's take five. Charles, go to makeup.
Tell them we need you to
look a little less... [high hum]
They'll know what that means.
This way, sir.
[♪ "Contact" by BMGPM playing]
[indistinct set chatter]
[Eva]
Howard!
- Howard! Ah.
- [chatter quiets down]
Why is this box of Eva Longoria Tacky Mats
not unloaded and laid out?
You think I want dust particles
in my nose all day?
What are we making, Dune?
[Howard Morris] Ms. Longoria, I will
lay out the Ms. Longoria Tacky Mats,
but I will not be spoken to
like a common PA!
I am an on-set documentarian
slash talent liaison.
Great. Well, why don't
you liaise these mats?
PA, lay out the mats.
Are you kidding me?
Eva, thanks so much for playing
the crazy celebrity card.
Oh, honey, I've asked for crazier things.
In season eight of Desperate Housewives,
I told them I wouldn't return
unless they legalized gay marriage.
And guess what? They did.
[chuckles]
You're welcome, gays!
[indistinct set chatter]
[♪ "Contact" continues playing]
[gasps] Oh, I get the plan now.
See, I'm a visual learner.
Do I have all my Olivers?
Oh.
- Oliver.
- [Oliver sighs]
Oliver.
I'm Glen Stubbins!
Stubbins, out!
Zack and Oliver, get on your marks.
Wait! Conference.
♪ Eye contact ♪
♪ Ooh, baby,
makin' eye contact ♪
[sighs] Okay.
[clears throat]
Have you read the new changes
to the script? They're awful.
What changes?
For some reason, and don't ask me why,
it seems as Marshall has done
a insecurity pass on your character.
"Oliver stares at the murder board,
"insecurely wondering who the killer is.
"He flits around the room,
an insecure Peter Pan
or an insecure Tinkerbell."
Okay, you know, this is all about Jonk.
Jack Jonk?
- Mm-hmm.
- [Glen Stubbins] Hey! Hey!
- [laughs] That dude fucks.
- [Glen] Aah! Bastards!
Hard.
We did a gender-bent take on Snow White,
and he jonked all seven of the dwarves.
You could hear them
hi-ho-ing from his trailer.
He's playing my girlfriend's
new love interest on her show.
Ah, sorry.
Well, [stammers] you know,
maybe he didn't jonk all seven.
It could've been...
could've been five.
[Trina]
Try one back-to-back.
You share a vertebrae
and a shameful secret.
Shame--
A shameful secret. Okay.
[shutter snapping]
[Tawny]
Now, turn around.
Wiener-to-wiener.
- W--
- Stubbins! Show 'em.
Penis...
♪ Just by makin'... ♪
[shutter snapping]
♪ Eye contact ♪
♪ Makin' eye contact... ♪
Thank you.
- Charles-- Oh, I'm sorry.
- Oh, I'm sorry. Excuse me.
- My bad, I'm sorry.
- [awkward chatter]
[♪ curious music playing]
What, are we dancing?
Two people.
That's it.
♪
My brain is back to thumping.
Okay...
[Marshall] The only thing that
gets you over imposter syndrome
is actually doing the thing
you wanna be better at.
Mabel, I figured out the how.
It wasn't one person who did the murder.
It was two.
One to shoot and one to clean up.
- [♪ music building]
- Now, which two people coulda done it?
[Marshall] Putting ideas together
till they make some kind of sense.
Until you've got something that you did,
something you figured out.
[shutter snapping]
Or it all makes less sense,
and then it's time for another rewrite.
[shutter snapping]
[♪ music building]
Oh, Trina, he's off his mark.
Can you move him?
[Oliver wails]
[quietly] Thank you.
[shutter snapping]
♪
[gunshot]
[body thuds]
[shuts door]
[zipping bag]
♪
[shutter snaps]
Oh, my God, you're totally right.
They could've done this.
[♪ music building]
[shutter snaps]
Where's the other Brothers sister?
[♪ music swells]
- [gunshot]
- [people screaming]
- [crew member] Gun!
- [Howard] Oh, my God, they've been shot!
[people screaming and shouting]
[fading out]
[♪ solemn music playing]
♪
[♪ music fades out]
[♪ fanfare playing]